This extension serves one purpose and one purpose only, and that is to provide entertainment in an otherwise very serious enviroment. It is not meant to be taken seriously, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a fun enviroment, and is meant to be used to make people laugh. It is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment, and is not meant to be used in a serious enviroment. It is meant to be used in a

My goodness GitHub Copilot could use some improvements on the above front.
